Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
I know it's sudden, but...!
Now I'll do a knowledge test about a woman's heart!
Do you have a woman that you like?
Eh? What about me?
Come on, come on...
Eh?
Are you doing your best to get your attention?
Ah, that's not good
In that case, choose a gift from the following options to give me...
To increase your relationship with me, yes?
Ahh!
So you've come!
What's going on?
Flowers?
It's not very original but I'm very happy!
*Cake*
Oooh!
Sweets!
Is it like the saying "A sweet is better than flowers"?
(Basically better something useful than something nice)
You make me so happy!
Good...
Even though I can't eat...
Eh?
Money?
You're quite direct, aren't you?
Is this really real money?
It's not fake bills?
Eh?
A billion yen?
Really?
Yaaaay!
I'm very happy!
Since I have a billion yen...
I can take a bath of bills!
Do you want to take a bath with me?
Good, in this case...
Now that you have understood a woman's heart...
We'll talk to the heroine of Soul Reverse Zero, Luce-chan
To increase our relationship with her!
From the main menu, we choose the option "Luce's house"
Gifts!
And then...
Let's choose Luce, right?
*You've come to see me?*
Eh? What should I do?
Is this tea? Tea and...
What's this? A shower?
A shower?
Mmm...
Well...
In this case, I'll choose tea!
Is this black tea?
Eh?
Is this a dish with boiled egg?
It doesn't look well done, right?
A dish with boiled egg...
I'll choose this!
Yes!
Aaaah!
*Luce: Thank you very much!*
If you increase your relationship with her...
You can read her history!
Don't you think it's great?
Yes!
Like I announced last time...
I'll do the collaboration mission with Berserk!
Having said that...
Definitely, you know...
If I don't have some character from the collaboration, I won't get excited, so then...!
You could say that I could not start without having one...
It's because of that, that...!
I'll do summonings! Summonings!
Durante el evento de colaboracióning the collaboration event...
There exists a special summoning called "Step-up"
Which is focused on the spiritual hero...
Guts!
The characters I use are all supportive...
But Guts is not only a supporting character...
But also can perform physical attacks, right?
So then I plan to work hard...
To obtain it!
Also...
Then I'll explain how you can get many rewards in the event missions
Well...
By using Berserk characters...
There are many ways to get rewards
Having said that, I'll try hard!
Guts!
I plan to obtain it!
I'll do my best with Guts!
Only with Guts...
Ah, I'm mistaken, I said whatever...
In this case...
There exists a summoning called "Step-up"
Which can be done eight times....
And when you reach the eighth summoning, you'll get a 100% probability ...
(A character of SSR rarity)
I'll summon until I can obtain it!
Good! Comenzaré con la primera invocación.
Well, if it's about me, I can probably...
Get a rare character in my fourth summoning...
Surely, right?
Here I go!
Mmm?
Plus, you might get an common girl, right?
Owch...
Ah, if I at least obtain a girl...
Ah! Oh! Oh!
Oh!
Oh?
Not really...
Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
AH!
How adorable!
She's the best...
Man, how adorable
What is she?
She seems to be a maid of high society.
*She's a figure of Chinese history*
Man, in the next summoning, I'll get a SSR rank character, right?
Soiyaa!
Come!
Come! Come! Come!
Ahh...
And now... Ah! Ah! Ah! And now...!
Ah, Cassandra-chan!
Ah, she surpassed her limit!
Oh? Oh?
Come to me! Ahh...
A girl or Guts!
A girl...!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah!
Oh?
Eh? Eh?
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Ooohh?
Eh? Ah! Ah!
Farnese-chan!
She's also part of the collaboration with Berserk!
Man! Incredible!
Ah! This? This? This?
Eh?
Ah, but she's adorable
Oh! Oh! Oh! Come!
Ah! Ah! It appeared! It appeared!
Guts?
It's not him, but...
A guy?
Eh?
And now... Eh?
And no... and now!
And now...
And now...!
It's over!
He has the appearance of a beautiful girl but it's a young boy!
Don't deceive me!
No!
I got some rare characters so it was not bad, right?
Farnese-chan!
She's adorable, she's great
Her short hair is great, right?
How adorable!
She also has a profile with her biography, right?
Incredible! She moves so fluently
It's great, right?
Even when it comes to a 3D model...
The character does not deform, it's great...
Next time! Definitely!
Here I go!
Guts or a girl! Guts or a girl!
Ah, ah, is it useless?
Ah! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! And now, just a bit more!
Ah, it's useless... ah, but she's adorable
They all have amazing breasts
Come on, please...
Go for it! Go for it!
Ah!
AND NOW!
Mmm...
How adorable
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
And now? Just a bit more! Aaaah! Go for it!
Aaaahh... it's a guy?
I see
Oh! Oh! Oh!
At least be a girl!
If you look at it closely, it looks like a girl, right?
Guts! Guts!
She's an adorable girl...
Oh! Oh!
Just a bit more! Just a bit more! Just a bit more!
Just a bit more, of rainbow color!
Aaaahhhh!
Oh!
And now...! I want it to shine more, but...!
It was useless! A girl with glasses looks good, good, good...
Come! Come! Go for it!
A bit more! A bit more! A bit more! Rainbow color!
Ah, it looks like it's useless
It's not that I have particularly bad luck summoning, so...
Why doesn't any character that I like appears?
Oh!
A little more, a little more, go up... rainbow color...
Ah, it's useless...
Aaaah!
Very good, it appeared, right?
Here, you have a guaranteed SSR rank character, so...
I want to get Guts...
Come Guts! Come Guts!
*strange A.I noises*
Good
Here I go!
Come, Guts!
Guts!
I'll be motivated! I'll be motivated!
Come!
Aaaah!
I wonder why...
To top it off, judging by his weapon, it seems to be a character that attacks from the back
Yes, it is a character that attacks from the rear...
Thank you so much for everything!
Well...
Normally it make me happy, but...
Today I wanted to get Guts, so then...
Well, well, well!
She's adorable, so it's good!
Good! Having said that...
Well...
It wasn't a failure, but..
I got a character different from the one I wanted
And the summoning turned out in reverse, right?
Man, it turned out in reverse, right?
Well, I'm going to sort it out now
To defeat this enemy character...
You must accomplish event missions to gather cannonballs...
I already added Farnese-chan to my team!
So then, I'll start right away!
*You must not fall in love with my beauty*
These "Soul Arts"...
Can only be used once...
You can only use them once per character so...
Use them...
That's the key, right?
I think with the team I have, I can...
Complete with great difficulty, the "Advanced" mission...
So I'll try hard!
The Soul Arts...
I should keep them and use them at the right moment...
I'll only use Cassandra-chan's...
I'll use a Soul Art in advance
Fairies! Good! Good!
And later, well...
Until I get to the boss...
I'd like to continue without using any more...
Soi!
Oh!
Doesn't it seem like I'm doing well?
It looks dangerous...
And now...
Within all the characters...
Zenobia-chan is...
Well...
It's possible to be defeated in the first area, so...
I'll use the Soul Art first...
And here...
If you don't cause the damage that it indicates...
You'll receive an incredible attack
So I want to do my best!
Let's go, go for it!
Ah, I'm in trouble now!
I'm about to die...
Do you see?
No!
Go fo...!
Waiiit!
I want him to remain paralyzed
But the making of this Soul Art is...
Surprising!
It's beautiful and I never really tire of seeing it!
Just by pressing the buttons...
I feel like I'm doing something amazing...
He's suffering a hallucination, right?
Oh!
Very good!
That was my objective!
Good, good
Ah, maybe?
It'll be easier than I thought?
Oh?
Maybe I can do it?
Ah!
Man, my team has gotten very powerful, right?
Is it good?
Very good!
Just a bit more!
Just a bit more! Just a bit more!
Good!
I WOOON!
It's to be expected...!
Of my adorable girls, right?
And now...
I got some cannonballs...
When choosing the option "Load Cannon Ball"
I prepared half of the cannon balls, so then...
I'll choose the "Maximum" option
Hey!
Chaaan!
I defeated it, right?
It turns out, that...
You can obtain a lot of different items
I got event tickets...
And well, this...
Occasionally appears...
An apostle...
Called "Grunbeld", but...
If you manage to defeat him...
It turns out, that...
You can get many spiritual heroes!
Ah, I'm mistaken
Take this!
*The apostle is approaching*
Oh!
"The apostle approached"
And now...!
Enough of minor enemies!
Already just by looking at it, you realize that it's a minor enemy!
Hey!
Why are only goblins appearing? Goblins?
And now...!
Oh! Oh!
Grunbeld!
He appeared!
I'll use lots of bullets...
Oh!
I wonder if I can do it
Soiyaa!
Ah, not yet...
Mmm?
Is it turning out that I'm not doing anything to him?
Eh?
He seems to have fled...
Man, I struggled to accumulate a lot, but...
He seems to have escaped...
Be sure to gather lots of cannonballs so you can defeat it, okay?
What did you think of my failure in summonings?
And also, with the collaboration with Berserk, I'm very excited...
So make sure you play too! Yes?
The collaboration with Berserk is from July 24th to August 7th!
I'm counting on you guys!
Take revenge for me
Obtain Guts, please
Well, if you do get it, I will be somewhat sad...
If someone succeeds...
They can boast about it on Twitter
Although I'll cry
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!